Make it clearer that jest.setTimeout() is for the entire file (#12809)
facebook/jest: website/versioned_docs/version-28.0/JestObjectAPI.md

### `jest.setTimeout(timeout)`

Set the default timeout interval (in milliseconds) for all tests and before/after hooks in the test file. This only affects the test file from which this function is called.

> To set timeout intervals on different tests in the same file, use the [`timeout` option on each individual test](https://jestjs.io/docs/api#testname-fn-timeout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set timeout intervals on different tests in the same file, use the [`timeout` option on each individual test](API.md#testname-fn-timeout).
```
